Jacob Moore joins me now in his first
live interview along with Jacob his
attorney ven Johnson welcome to you both
thank you thank you this I know it's
nerve-racking
and it can feel uncomfortable it can
feel uncomfortable for anybody I think
sometimes especially for young men yeah
how difficult is it to speak out about
this Jacob you know when all of this
kind of started coming out and I didn't
really think about myself as really any
different you know you know just like
how you know the other female victims
you know it kind of came out and you
know told their story it was you know I
didn't really see myself as any
different
yeah when did it occur to you that what
happened to you was abuse
I was out to lunch with my sister and my
brother
but when everything started coming out I
kind of remembered that you know that
uncomfortable feeling I had during one
of my treatments and I started
researching you know you know Chi lines
between like is there a connection
between write what he was doing to you
with the acupuncture needles and
shoulder injury right so I was looking
for evidence that there was some sort of
you know real medical treatment
involving you know the Chi line between
my shoulder and you know my groin area
and after I found nothing I was just
like shocked how old were you when he
was doing this no I was 16 years old and
your sister was also seeing him for
quote treatment yes how old was she
we were we've seen him for probably you
know eight years you know the thing
about Nasser is every one of the victims
talks about how he was completely
trusted like completely trusted and
actually trust in Nasser was encouraged
and fostered by every organization that
employed him and sicked him on the young
victims is that how the dynamic was for
you two yeah he had a very strong you
know prevalent relationship with a lot
of the coaches in my gym and a lot of
athletes myself included he was good
friends with my mom and when my sister
retired from the sport he was the only
man
and that she called to make that
decision so he was a very you know he
was very president he was our lever yeah
he was clever I mean they call it
grooming when you know these predators
go after young kids and sort of make the
children fall in love with them in a way
you know trust them and see them as a
nurturer the now you've decided to sue
him he's in jail he's gonna be in jail
for the rest of his life what's the
thinking behind that I hope it never
happens again you know like no one
should have to go through this and so
you know to kind of come out and you
know try to do the right thing is you
know that's really important to me and
short of holding him accountable can you
just expand them that what you just said
cuz I'll bet you anything I mean I know
I know I su sure as we're sitting here
that there are other young children out
there being victimized right now and
that feeling you just said of I knew
something felt uncomfortable yeah so it
was it was very uncomfortable being kind
of in the room with him you know during
that that time and even though you know
sometimes things feel uncomfortable you
never really you never really know like
that something is blatantly wrong you
know he's a he's a doctor yeah yeah he's
a he's a doctor and you're a child yeah
and we see this pattern over and over of
it again then where these people in
positions of authority take advantage of
a young child's trust they manipulate
and that's the thing that we don't maybe
all understand but the sex abuser these
pedophiles exactly they infiltrate the
family the community the coaching they
are literally everything to everybody
they will say and do anything to feed
their sickness do you think there are
other male victims I know that there are
many more victims female and perhaps
male we know statistically Megan I know
you know one out of ten two out of ten
of the folks come forward so we have 250
some strong and I commend all of the the
survivors like Jacob male and female for
coming forward and standing up doing the
right thing but we know there's more to
statistically and Edie
to play that out it's got to be into the
thousands just you being here will
hopefully release other young men from
shame their feeling yeah because as you
know victims blame themselves and they
can see somebody as strong and as
accomplished as you sitting in this
chair talking openly about it
recognizing it wasn't your fault at all
so thank you for doing that
hello today fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking that button down there and
click on any of the videos over here to
watch the latest interviews show
highlights and digital exclusives